here brains mark tom is a home outdoor
expert and today I'm bringing you an
awesome recipe this is how you cook
brats you start out in the kitchen and
you simmer it in a pan I'll go through
those steps in a minute and then you
transfer it to your grill and I'm gonna
cook this over charcoal because I think
charcoal is the way to go
I do use gas and I like it it's nice and
convenient and there's ways to make it
taste really good but today I'm gonna go
all out with the charcoal so let's go
through the steps okay
first before you get started with this I
want to give a shout out to my friend
John the game in this recipe John if you
see this call me I will buy you a beer
craft beer anyway this John is from
Wisconsin he's a Packers fan and they
know a thing about grilling and he said
Believe It or Not Miller High Life
you said cook it in this for 20 minutes
we're going to pour this into I've got a
smaller cast iron pan here it's been
warming up a little bit
and you know I haven't had Miller I well
it's been a long winter this is my first
time grilling brats for this season so
it's been a long time that I've had
Miller High Life it's not the type of
beer normally drink but that's the best
way to cook brats hmm yeah all right
interesting stuff and I got three brats
here and what you do is you keep this up
enough so you just see it just a little
bit of steam coming off and let it go
like that for 20 minutes you don't want
to overcook it where you split the skin
on it so let's check back after they've
been cooking here they are just underway
and the pans got to warm up a little bit
more it's not steaming yet but you can
see the beer is bubbling all right now
you can see I stepped outside I've got
the charcoal chimney starter going this
is made by whoever this one works
awesome just a couple sheets of crumpled
newspaper light it and probably 20
minutes later we'll have just the
blazing fire it's awesome let's go back
inside okay yeah put the brats and maybe
hard to see but just there's a little
bit of steam coming off the pan it's not
that hot so it's not gonna split the
skin all right here the brats are
underway about three to four minutes
I've turned them once nice little color
there and look to the side here this is
the kind of beer I enjoy really hey
guess what kind of beer I'm drinking and
this is gonna be my first giveaway if
you're the first one to guess what kind
of drinking I will ship you this free
brand-new Weber
bamboo skewer set model 60608 so good
luck and the rules are you cannot guess
until somebody else guesses and if you
guys aren't figuring it out I'll give
you a hint along the way good luck
yep and here we are back to the grill
nice and slow
low heat no need to rush the best way to
do it and this is what I love about
charcoal look at the smoke that rolls
off just that extra flavor that you get
from charcoal